well the rowing club has always been a
passion since I was a kid, I remember when
rowing was three times champion in pec 4 is my father
so he told my mother to
and we are the me and my
brothers to the street party see the block
leave the people celebrating the income title
then 54 from the rowing club entered the
my life would never let me keep
being part of the rowing club
when I moved to the capital city of Bethlehem and
you fell in belem
I went to attend club games
rowing and there are countless joys of
countless wins the company many
titles I've followed the rowing club
traveling around Brazil and watching several
games
I had the happiness of being on the moon
honeymoon when the rowing club won the
maracanã has watched oar club playing at
brasília
I turned off the green delivery was that we went
that the oar club is part of my
Life I always kept the tape goal
When the paint was out, I would not play.
out I liked in the place of almost a
commandment keychains and one day a brother
presented me with lion installed
being part of my collection and from
from then I started to get sewing and she
the outfit against the lion and she comes
adapt to me this shirt cost 500
lion this lion here for example has been
a friday I came home from the street tired
my wife silvio beautiful lion in
shopping running with her only spoke
complete it helps to clean when I
shot on a Saturday to see the daughters of the
lions
They are no longer working she sometimes
Check when she stays home, leave.
I'm going to work when I get there sometimes.
She even bought her daughter when she did not
She's so bad, she's ugly. She could vote for her.
Look at this, let's change it, help me.
too much china is revised
along with me, she's happier
I stay home is organizing the
Mine of mine today than when I
I have to go to condel
She's sorry because a lot of fight.
confusion on the condel
it denounces a mechanism similar to this
confusion came here that we
organize the lion
hope is always the last to die
And we have hope that from
of tomorrow and begins to turn this
situation because this year was
particularly difficult in a championship
different
rowing club could not have accepted
never this table table divided into
two groups where it has a number
that it had to be everything as it was
in the past because you have a chance
recover and we need it
we have recommended that the second
half
We are what this is, we are sad but
love is greater outweigh all this to us
will get there I had a president who
dared me to do it in my
bald lion collection independe show
President with this win a lot
for us
unfortunately will not I have is
a bald now my hope is that I
get the Japanese lion like me
I am honored and within our
first president
our first president called nile
mendonça gave us nine title follows has
that 's in my head but I have
lion manuel ribeiro lion ronaldo
Little bird is a turn it was already salty is
another president was a bulwark gave us
many titles
lion roberto porto will be giving us
title so I have lion raimundo
brook yes he on the river title I have
lion rafael levitt gave us the championship
Brazilian and all of them properly
dressed in the uniform of the time with
the cup that was won
I have a lion, it's very beautiful.
commander to the circus panty
he gave us the north and northeast in 1971
therefore we were champion of the whole
north and then we went to the northeast
we won with the northeasterners
so that's the president conquering
titles and giving us joy glories with
sure it will be part of my
lion collection
I have in ps feathered and I have the lion
big open mouth side that the confrontation
a lot of difficulty in Sao Paulo
bring my problem is very big but
I got to bring it because he has
a mixture in the mouth and this is very
dear because of it